Story begins in the forest scene where the MC is fighting a horde of enemies and is preveiling in his trials.
*cuts panel*
MC has defeated enemies and is telling the story of his journey but then is interupted by a random crow that swoops in and steals his 
ultimate sword of power. MC is like "You bastaredo! Come back here pls" and chaces after the bird. Forest level ensues and Zalyth makes his way through the world and reaches the boss. Upon defeating him Zalyth loses track of the bird and
becomes distressed. He then comes upon a town where he searches for answers regarding the whereabouts of the bird. Zalyth then gets a lead leading him to nearby ruins. On his way out, Ferana(Dark Elf) finds Zalyth and ask to join in his adventure.
Zalyth is hesitant to adcept and states he'll think about it. Running off he then goes through world 2 the ruins, Zalyth spots the bird. After Zalyth reaches the end of the level he spots the bird. The bird then mutates into a mosterus beast wielding the sword of ultimate power and 
beats down the hero coldly.(No way to win this) The bird then states that he seeks a world different than the world as it is. The only way to reach his goal is with the power only the ultimate sword can offer.
Zalyth then pases out. He wakes up in a cabin on the mountains. Looking around, Zalyth find a old mystical man who had saved him. In order to get stronger, Shield hero has to train with the man. This leads to the mountain world that has the player go through trials where at the end Zalyth has to fight the self he sees as weak. The "clone" will use all the same tactics as Zalyth. After defeating hime Zalyth recieves the hieghtned senseus.
(Sanji you do the specific gameplay changes) After this Zalyth sets out towards the desert of (idk) where he meets up with Ferana again. She decides to join him after he can prove his abilties. A fight ensues and Zalyth reins triumphant. Ferana then begins travelling with Zalyth.
Ferana and Zalyth decided to travel towards the Shoreline to see if they can find any clue about the whereabouts of his sword of Ultimate Power.
They then encounter Sirus [IDK] and watch as he runs away with 2 minions bearing an Ark-type package. FYI: (SOMEHOW THERE WILL BE MECHANICAL MONSTERS AND MECHS AND GUNS CUZ ITS ME ERIC MAKING THE PLOT).
Ferana calims she can feel dark powers at work and suggests Zalyth follow them. Zalyth decide to pursue the people, thinking they may know the whereabouts of the sword.
<<<<<<< HEAD
*Pretty simple level, you encounter a sand-oriented enemy set. The kick is that you run slower on some parts of the map, such as when climbing up. This is a emphasized but short part of the game, little more than 2 levels, possibly 3 if we are up to it.*
As soon as the end of the level is reached, Zalyth sees the villian hustling the servants into a separate area. 
Soon, the characters see the villians reach a wall on the the face of a volcano. The master villian stomps his foot, revealing a small crevice as the rock falls away; the people go inside. Quick to follow is Ferana, leaving Zalyth to fend for himself on the the outer part of the volcano (one level). Zalyth finds an alternate enterance, which leads to a outcropping on the interior of the volcano, overlooking the "court". The villians walk in, and Zalyth can see Ferana stealthing behind some guards. The sword is straightup brought out of the ark-like package, and is presented to a "lord". Zalyth sees Ferana attempt to get closer as the others are talking. She is captured and now main character has 2x reason to murder. Zalyth then runs through the levels in which he reaches the peak where he finds Sirus. They have a heated battle. Shield hero is victorious in his endevors and goes to claim the Ultimate sword of power. However, in a fast move, Sirus displays how he is holding Ferana captive. (The player is then able to choose whether or not to kill Ferana or not. Killing her will result in the end of the game. Not doing so will lead to the final level). Zalyth decides to give himeself in and is killed by Sirus. Zalyth then regains concousness in the Light castle of begining in which a light calls him to then upper most tower. Going through the stages, Zalyth is rendered without his shield but there are no enemies around. The stages are strickly based around testing his platforming abilities. Before the entrance to the upper tower, Zalyth is faced by an egegerated representaion of his "fake" self. This boss is fought against using Zalyth wits and skills. Beating the illusion will make it turn into a key which unlocks the upper tower. At the altair, Zalyth recieves a sword more powerful then what he could have imagined with the previous weapon. A voice then say "This is the essence of your true power. Take it! You know what must be done." Zalyth then acends to the lair of Sirus for their final fight. Defeating him, Sirus is then broken from the sword of ultimate power and only the corpse of a bird lies. Zalyth then takes the sword to seal away from human hands. He bids farewell to Ferana and flies off into the sky. Years later an older Ferana can be seen sharing the new legend of a man by the name of shield hero. Zalyth is seen resting on a mountain next to his tatered shield.